---
# Page settings
layout: document
keywords: application security, software security, software bill of material, SBOM, BOM, open source, supply chain, specification, spdx, license, package url, purl, cpe
comments: false
banner: false
sitemap: false

# Hero section
title: CycloneDX Testing
window_title: CycloneDX Testing
description: CycloneDX Testing
excerpt: Short description (excerpt) here
image: https://postbattles.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/OWASP-top-10-1024x568.png

# Micro navigation
micro_nav: false

# Page navigation
    
---

# OWASP CycloneDX Testing
**08 October 2021**

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet. Aut velit omnis et incidunt voluptatem qui sapiente officia aut dignissimos odit et facilis expedita quo accusantium ipsum. Aut quia suscipit ab amet veritatis ad nostrum quia?

At magnam quidem qui quia quos ea tempora illo ut nesciunt eligendi et voluptates quae aut porro assumenda. Quo nulla pariatur nam praesentium porro qui rerum. 33 aliquam quia eum commodi dolore sit exercitationem officiis est culpa assumenda. Ut reiciendis nulla nam ducimus mollitia ut similique necessitatibus eum blanditiis reprehenderit?

Sit facere voluptatibus aut exercitationem adipisci non eius aut fugit tenetur et consectetur ipsam sit nulla pariatur nam consectetur internos! Est ipsa reprehenderit aut fugiat libero aut nisi dolores eum tenetur omnis eos sunt distinctio. Et necessitatibus animi ut voluptatem amet et nihil ullam quo dolores distinctio. Et maxime illo est eaque reiciendis sit mollitia necessitatibus eum consectetur cupiditate quo dolorum quia sed architecto aliquam.



##### **About the OWASP Foundation**

The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is a nonprofit organization that works to improve the security of
software. Through community-led open source software projects, over 260 local chapters worldwide, tens of thousands of
members, and leading educational and training conferences, the OWASP Foundation is the source for developers and
technologists to secure the web. For nearly two decades corporations, foundations, developers, and volunteers have
supported the OWASP Foundation and its work. To learn more or to become a member, visit [https://owasp.org](https://owasp.org).

OWASP and the Open Web Application Security Project are trademarks of the OWASP Foundation.

##### **About CycloneDX**

CycloneDX is a lightweight software bill of materials (SBOM) standard designed for use in application security contexts
and supply chain component analysis. The CycloneDX project provides standards in XML, JSON, and Protocol Buffers, as
well as a large collection of official and community supported tools that create or interoperate with the standard. The
project operates as an independent meritocracy whose guiding principles reinforce its risk-based approach to standards
development. The project encourages community participation in the development of the standard and supporting tools.
Visit [https://cyclonedx.org](https://cyclonedx.org) for more information.
